Add ParaSpell XCM SDK Guide (#898)
polkadot-developers/polkadot-docs: develop/toolkit/interoperability/paraspell-xcm-sdk/index.md

---
title: ParaSpell XCM SDK
description: A powerful open-source library that simplifies XCM integration, enabling developers to easily build interoperable dApps on Polkadot.
template: index-page.html
---

# ParaSpell XCM SDK

## Introduction

[ParaSpell](https://paraspell.github.io/docs/){target=\_blank} is a comprehensive suite of open-source tools designed to simplify cross-chain interactions within the Polkadot ecosystem. At its core, ParaSpell is dedicated to enhancing the functionality of the Cross-Consensus Messaging (XCM) protocol by providing developers with a unified and streamlined experience for building interoperable decentralized applications (dApps).

> The primary goal of ParaSpell is to abstract away the complexities of the XCM protocol. While XCM is a powerful feature of the Polkadot network, its implementation can vary significantly between different parachains. ParaSpell addresses this challenge by offering a standardized set of tools that allow developers to integrate cross-chain functionality into their applications with ease, saving valuable time and effort. ParaSpell is a "common good" software, meaning it is free, open-source, and dedicated to the growth of the Polkadot ecosystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The primary goal of ParaSpell is to abstract away the complexities of the XCM protocol. While XCM is a powerful feature of the Polkadot network, its implementation can vary significantly between different parachains. ParaSpell addresses this challenge by providing a standardized set of tools that enable developers to easily integrate cross-chain functionality into their applications, saving valuable time and effort. ParaSpell is a "common good" software, meaning it is free, open-source, and dedicated to the growth of the Polkadot ecosystem.
```
